thank you for calling because of
delivery hello homicide on how you I was
I just had a wanted to place an order
your name my name is Bruce my name is
Bruce
goodnight Bruce yes yes for you
I wanted six live cheese pizzas please 6
large cheese yes thank you your phone
over please okay a twenty eight one
eight three four seven three four seven
two two three five five three five three
five hip and this for Carrie are you
picking up what I well I'm not done with
my order okay I'm not done with my order
I'm not done with my order okay when I
watch this watch 6 large cheese pizzas
and I want other six pepperoni large
cheese pizzas and another yeah pepperoni
this time
operatic yeah one moment please
sure hello hello highlight were you
looking for pickup delivery I just told
my order to someone by Easter trainee so
he dispatched to me he wasn't sure what
he was doing he's a trainee yeah he was
training so he was in so what he was
doing so he passed different to me okay
I get it no say so I wanna make sure I
got your order right
if they wanna fall carry out for
delivery I wanted carry out please carry
out and watch your foot on the place
area code
eight one eight yes three four seven
gotta break it up three four seven three
four seven two two three five two two
three five yes
all right what I like to have today can
I like customize my order like put
certain what-do-you-call-it
toppings on the pizza okay so I wanted 6
large cheese and anchovy pizzas cheese
and chili and pepperoni pizzas please oh
you don't care in Jovi's oh you know
anchovies no you don't carry that okay
but do you guys carry sausages yeah they
sausage and pepperoni please six large
sausage in pepperonis okay oh and I want
seven large pepperoni plain pepperoni
pizzas yes
all right what I get my own okay do you
guys saw anything besides pizza yes do
you guys smell like french fries no no
french fries we only carry chicken wing
chicken what size of chicken wings just
small medium large you got our
extra-large they're going on what hello
hello all right what do you got for
chicken you got small medium large got
an extra-large
no no one size for chicken only say peas
there's a what - one sighs all right you
got Buffalo honey barbecue barbecue I
don't
okay so you got got spicy chicken spice
hot wings yeah whatever you wanna call
it
ah hold on I need to talk to my wife
hold on yeah how many orders do we need
uh hot wings
yeah they had it four please oh yeah
four okay do you guys carry drinks yeah
right that's it yeah all right I need 27
sprites please 27 I'm sorry what one of
the choices again I'm sorry yeah we have
Toledo radios 20-ounce
ah let's get the 2-liter I'm feeling the
two liter
yes okay